feat(products): Add Products datatsource (#115)
ni/systemlink-grafana-plugins: src/datasources/products/README.md

# Systemlink Product data source

> This is a plugin for the Products from the testmonitor service. It allows you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a plugin for the Products from the Test Monitor service. It allows you to:
```

Author: Changed as suggested
